# WEEH-Where_Eat_Eat_Here
<p><u>Demo</u>: <a class='link' href='https://www.youtube.com/embed/ZukKZSmecIc' target="_blank">youtube.com/embed/ZukKZSmecIc</a></p>
<p><u>Technologies</u>: Python, Django, Google Maps API, Yelp API, Bootstrap </p>
<p><u>Role</u>: Built on a team of 2 developers, contributed with building the UI, front-end, and back-end.</p>
<p><u>Description</u>: The Where Eat, Eat Here (WEEH) web application is a collaborated project between two developers, in which the application allows users to select restaurants based on multiple user preferences in a group. This project was built in Python and uses a Django framework and the Google Maps API, Yelp API, bcrypt and Bootstrap. The Google Maps API allows the application to display the location of the group’s address and the Yelp API is used to determine restaurants around the group’s address. Bcrypt is used to encrypt passwords for the login and registration page and Bootstrap is used to improve the overall design and UI.</p>
<p><u>Challenges</u>: The most challenging aspect for WEEH was figuring out the selection algorithm based on the group’s preferences. We wanted to make it so the application didn’t only select restaurants from the most popular cuisine type in the group. So we decided to make each cuisine type have a probability based on the group’s preferences. Cuisines were separated into three categories: likes (plus one point), dislikes (minus one point), and hate (removed from selection). A probability is generated for each cuisine type, and then we generate a number between 0 and 1 and iterate through all the probabilities. A sum is created that starts at 0 and the random number is compared with the sum plus the cuisine probability. If the random number was less than the probability plus sum, that cuisine type was selected. If not, the cuisine probability would be added to the temporary sum and the random number would be compared with the sum and another cuisine probability. The process repeats once three cuisine types are selected. This makes it so a favored cuisine type will have a higher chance of being selected multiple times, while having other options for cuisine choices based on the group.</p>
<p><u>Awards</u>: Placed 1st in a 24 hour Python Hackathon amongst 4 teams.</p>
